README.md, before:

# Comp 376 A3

## Player & gun parameters
- <b>Medium</b> sized hitbox
- <b>fire rate</b>: 10 bullets/s
- <b>Inital max heat capacity</b>: 100 heat
- <b>Heat up speed</b>: 27.5 heat/s
- <b>cooldown speed</b>: -12.5 heat/s
- <b>Bullet damage</b>: 5hp

## Enemies/obstacles
- <b>Random enemy</b>: moves randomly, small hitbox, normal speed, 10hp, 20 points
- <b>Shooter enemy</b>: Shoots bullets, small hitbox, normal speed, 15hp, 75 points
- <b>Rock</b>: normal speed, medium hitbox, 30hp, 10 points
- <b>Fast enemy</b>: fast speed, small hitbox, 10hp, 50 points
- <b>Super enemy</b>: Drops random permanent upgrade, big hitbox, normal speed, 100hp, 100 points

## Music 
Highway To The Danger Zone (Top Gun) - instrumental: Kenny Loggins

## Sound FX
- Gatling gun sound: Sound Effect from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=6998">Pixabay</a>
- Power up pick up sound: Sound Effect from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=38299">Pixabay</a>
- Explosion sound: Sound Effect by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/beetpro-16097074/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=10999">beetpro</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=10999">Pixabay</a>

Commit message:

Added new models for enemies

README.md, after:

# Comp 376 A3

## Player & gun parameters

- <b>Medium</b> sized hitbox
- <b>fire rate</b>: 10 bullets/s
- <b>Inital max heat capacity</b>: 100 heat
- <b>Heat up speed</b>: 27.5 heat/s
- <b>cooldown speed</b>: -12.5 heat/s
- <b>Bullet damage</b>: 5hp

## Enemies/obstacles

- <b>Random enemy</b>: moves randomly, small hitbox, normal speed, 10hp, 20 points
- <b>Shooter enemy</b>: Shoots bullets, small hitbox, normal speed, 15hp, 75 points
- <b>Rock</b>: normal speed, medium hitbox, 30hp, 10 points
- <b>Fast enemy</b>: fast speed, small hitbox, 10hp, 50 points
- <b>Super enemy</b>: Drops random permanent upgrade, big hitbox, normal speed, 100hp, 100 points

## Music

Highway To The Danger Zone (Top Gun) - instrumental: Kenny Loggins

## Sound FX

- Gatling gun sound: Sound Effect from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=6998">Pixabay</a>
- Power up pick up sound: Sound Effect from <a href="https://pixabay.com/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=38299">Pixabay</a>
- Explosion sound: Sound Effect by <a href="https://pixabay.com/users/beetpro-16097074/?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=10999">beetpro</a> from <a href="https://pixabay.com//?utm_source=link-attribution&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=music&utm_content=10999">Pixabay</a>

## 3d models

- Flying saucer by Poly by Google [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/fojR5i3h_nh)
- Flying saucer by Poly by Google [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/fojR5i3h_nh)
- alien in green spaceship by Taylor Wilson [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/dQ5itZfc7Bf)
- ricks ufo by eeee [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/q6vNUoHZXr)
  -Alien by Poly by Google [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/6FrJ3_CzH8S)
  -UFO TIME by Martin Calviello [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/89hlsI17Ulw)
- Alien by Quaternius (https://poly.pizza/m/sUTLXji0aL)
- Alien Jetpack Go! by Damon Pidhajecky [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/7VJiMcRcn6d)
- Alien Jetpack Go! by Damon Pidhajecky [CC-BY] (https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/) via Poly Pizza (https://poly.pizza/m/7VJiMcRcn6d)
